Hello. It is a baby channel.
This time, we will introduce the "Corokoro Comic September"
In this, there is a super limited medal
My younger brother is addicted to youkai watch, so I bought it
Fun
Then, let's open the bath that is in here
Se-no!
Youkai medal?
great! Bushinan is in!
Huh? card?
Intercourse card battle
Huh? Was it written?
I have not written
Bshinyan was in!
Behind you, youkai medal ...
Green monster monsters are included
The contents are like this
"Ketsu! Oh, I'm wrong, I win!"
Buttocks man
The back is saying ... "Shiri"
That's why I said "Mr.
Is this Crayon Shin-chan's grandfather version?
Denjarasu-san's evil great feature film
This is a thin manga
You can open the monster medal
I will open it
Se-no!
It is like this
Wow! !
With super limited medal "watermelonyan"
It is "Bushinyan" of Toru Tsuki Card Battle
The medals are also sparkling. The card is also sparkling!
You can also scan and play with 3DS
Youkai Medal Complete Dictionary Poster is here
This is big
Yokai Medal Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Youkai medal zero appeared Z medal
Youkai medal zero appearance is a classic medal
Special monster medal
Youkai Medal Gum 1st, 2nd
Gashapon medal 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, zero vol. 1
Lottery Gashapon Daikichi Medal
This time the "watermelon" was
Belongs to the special monster medal
This
If you turn this over
It is a poster of "Hero Bank 2"
There were 4 cards in addition to the card of Bushinyan
2 cards of Hero Bank
Monster Retsuden Orika Battle, Revenge of the Magician Fisca
Mario Kart Grand Prix DX Powerful Pack Special Code is also included
There is a code on the back
And it is here that I was caught in between
Duel Masters Poster
The back is fortress start version
A major story of "Denjarasuji Evil" and watermelon Jan
After, the smash-up bomb battle book
Disc Wars Adventures True Hero Gathering Book
Buddy Fight and Yokai Watch Silver Strips Included
Korokoro Comic was the September issue
Bye-bye, look again!
It looks great!
I did it!